Add documentation for remote cluster proxy mode (#52779)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/reference/cluster/remote-info.asciidoc

==== {api-description-title}

The cluster remote info API allows you to retrieve all of the configured
remote cluster information. It returns connection and endpoint information keyed
by the configured remote cluster alias.

[[cluster-remote-info-api-response-body]]
==== {api-response-body-title}

`mode`::

>     The configured connection mode for the remote cluster. Will be `sniff` or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Configured connection mode for the remote cluster. Returned values are `sniff` or
```

    `proxy`.

`connected`::
	True if there is at least one connection to the remote cluster.

`initial_connect_timeout`::
	The initial connect timeout for remote cluster connections.

[[skip-unavailable]]
`skip_unavailable`::
    Whether the remote cluster is skipped in case it is searched through
    a {ccs} request but none of its nodes are available.

`seeds`::
	The configured initial seed transport addresses of the remote cluster when

> 	sniff mode is configured.

Reviewer: This looks like it was double indented.

```suggestion
`seeds`::
    Initial seed transport addresses of the remote cluster when
    `sniff` mode is configured.
```

`num_nodes_connected`::
    The number of connected nodes in the remote cluster when sniff mode is

>     configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Number of connected nodes in the remote cluster when `sniff` mode is
    configured.
```

`max_connections_per_cluster`::
	The maximum number of connections maintained for the remote cluster when

> 	sniff mode is configured.

Reviewer: Double indented.
```suggestion
`max_connections_per_cluster`::
      Maximum number of connections maintained for the remote cluster when
      `sniff` mode is configured.
```

`address`::

>     The configured address for remote connections when proxy mode is configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Address for remote connections when `proxy` mode is configured.
```

`num_sockets_connected`::
    The number of open socket connections to the remote cluster when proxy mode

>     is configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Number of open socket connections to the remote cluster when `proxy` mode
    is configured.
```

`max_socket_connections`::
	The maximum number of socket connections to the remote cluster when proxy

> 	mode is configured.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`max_socket_connections`::
    Maximum number of socket connections to the remote cluster when `proxy`
    mode is configured.
```
